{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;\red196\green26\blue22;\red14\green14\blue255;
\red131\green108\blue40;\red28\green0\blue207;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab529
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 <?xml version=\cf3 "1.0"\cf2  encoding=\cf3 "UTF-8"\cf2 ?>\cf0 \
\cf2 <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC \cf3 "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN"\cf2  \cf3 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd}}"\cf2 >\cf0 \
\cf2 <plist \cf5 version\cf2 =\cf3 "1.0"\cf2 >\cf0 \
\cf2 <dict>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Lithuania\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I walked along the dunes of the Curonian Spit, which splits the Curonian Lagoon from the Baltic Sea.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I journeyed to The Hill of Crosses.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I just went scubadiving in the lakes of Zarazai.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I saw a boat race in Lake Galv\uc0\u279  in Trakai.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I toured the Gediminas Castle Tower today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Can you believe I got to ride a hot-air balloon over Vilnius last night?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me that this country was the last European country to adopt Christianity.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is also called 'The Land of Storks.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says that it's bad luck to whistle indoors because it's believed to call in the 'evil little devils.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Finland\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Isn't it incredible that I'm where Santa Clause lives?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear that I'm in the country that drinks the most coffee worldwide!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm in the most sparesely population country within the European Union!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country is also nicknamed 'Land of Midnight Sun.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This country sure has a lot of lakes.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm so ecstatic to be traveling where the creators of Angry Birds were born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know there are no public payphones here? I'm glad I haven't lost my phone yet!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the Temppeliaukio Church. I can't believe it is built directly into the rock!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went to the most relaxing sauna. Now I know why this country is famous for them!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Hungary\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe the Rubik\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s cube was invented here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is known for its natural hot springs.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I took a swim in Lake Balaton.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I tried guly\'e1s for the first time!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I arrived at the 'Paris of the East.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a wonderful cruise down the Danube River this evening. This city is so beautiful at night.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went shopping at the Ecseri Flea Market today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I walked up to the summit of Gell\'e9rt Hill.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 During the summer, I hear there\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s a huge musical event called the Sziget Festival. I hope I can go this year!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Luxembourg\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country is the least populated country in the European Union.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Amazon's headquarters!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is a well-known tax haven.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm in one of the smallest countries in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm in the the only Grand Duchy in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited Europe\'92s largest television and radio company!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm in the richest country in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I took a tour of Ch\'e2teau de Vianden.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I went to see the Bock promontory and I walked through its vast underground system of passages.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Moldova\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just visited Cricova, the largest underground wine cellar in the world.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I almost forgot to exchange my euros for leu at the airport!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went swimming in Chisinau Lake.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I biked around Chisinau.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I saw a play at the Chekhov Drama Theatre!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends and I drove up north to see the Soroca Fortress today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a boat river tour along the Nistru River today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I toured the Saharna Monastery today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went shopping at the art market on Bul. Stefan Cel Mare yesterday!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Russia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just rode one of the world\'92s deepest subways! So many stairs!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just celebrated Maslenitsa with some friends! I ate many pancakes.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Saint Basil\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s Cathedral really glows at night.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the Kremlin. It only cost 700 ruble!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I tried black bread at dinner yesterday and it was delicious.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I drank my first kvass at Cafe Pushkin!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 It\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s freezing here! I hope you are staying warm.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I saw a ballet at the Bolshoi. It was quite beautiful.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited TSUM today. It\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s the biggest mall I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 ve ever seen!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Bulgaria\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm visiting one of the oldest countries in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe the inventor of the first computer was born here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the national instrument here is the bagpipes?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I went to the world's largest IMAX 3D cinema.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm where Spartacus was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went hiking in the Rila Mountains.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I got lost in Plovdiv's narrow cobbled streets and quaint houses.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went swimming in the Black Sea. Isn't that exciting?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I went to a mineral water spa. It was very relaxing.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 France\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I ate this dessert with a crackling top. It was very delicious!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Everyone here wears these cute little chef hats. I really do like them a lot.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm just sitting here with a glass of wine in the Jardin des Tuileries.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited Euro Disney today. It was quite fun. I think you would have enjoyed it too.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took an evening cruise on the Seine. It was incredibly romantic.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I saw the Mona Lisa. I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 ll admit, I did get a bit teary-eyed.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just had the most amazing sugar cr\'eape in the Latin Corner.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Earlier today I visited the coziest bookstore, Shakespeare and Company. So many books!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This afternoon I went shopping on Avenue des Champs-Elys\'e9es. There were so many designer shops!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 United Kingdom\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a tour of the Tower of London today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I got to ride the Eye last night! The city is goregous from above.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a trip out to Stonehenge today. The experience was very magestic.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I saw the changing of the guards outside the palace!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a train into Kings Cross last night.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I took the Warner Bros. Studio Tour. I saw all of the costumes and props from the Harry Potter films!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I got to see the expensive jewels inside Westminster Abbey.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m walking in Shakespeare\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s hometown.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 ve been riding the Tube all around the city this week.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Portugal\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know over half of the world's cork is produced here?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I drove across the longest bridge in Europe today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I bought a book from Bertrand, the oldest bookstore in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I walked around the cork forests and olive groves of Alentejo.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just took a toboggan ride down to Funchal, Maderia!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends and I drove down to Cape St. Vincent to catch a stunning sunset over the ocean.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I jumped on a tiny boat to explore Ponta da Piedade. The place had such a majestic aura with its large rock formations and colorful waters.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just toured one of the largest aquariums in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited The Mouth of Hell today! It was humbling to watch the roaring waves crash against the rocks.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Ukraine\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I had to exchange my Euros for Hryvnia at the airport.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just had the amazing soup called borsch.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m in the second biggest country in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear that Ivana Kupala Day is a blast!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I traveled through this leafy pathway called the Tunnel of Love.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s heaviest aircraft was made here?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the National Chornobyl Museum.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a trip to catch a glimpse of the Black Sea today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I got lost adventuring around Lviv.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Czech Republic\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This place is almost entirely surrounded by mountains.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just visted the oldest university in Eastern Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe Ivana Trump was born here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this place is the castle capital of the world.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited The City of 100 Spires.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I crossed The Charles Bridge. Did you know it\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s over six hundred years old?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is known for its animated and puppet films.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night tried knedliky, which are also known as dumplings. They was so yummy!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m where Franz Kafka was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Estonia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me that this country was the first to use online voting.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe there is free public transportation here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the Parnu, the summer capital of this country.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Isn't it incredible that half of this country is covered by forests?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went kiiking for the first time. I strapped into what looked like a swing, but it circled all the way around.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a tour of Lahemaa National Park today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the light switches here are usually at waist level?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 There are over than 1,500 offshore islands here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to Tallinn Botanical Garden today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Spain\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country has the most enthusiastic radio listeners in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I heard that bullfighting has been a popular sport here for thousands of years.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I traveled to the largest salt lake in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went hiking in the Pyrenees!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I explored the Gate of the Sun plaza. Did you know it is in the geographical center of this country?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend claims Coca Cola was invented here, but I don't believe him.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just spent the day exploring La Rambla. I love how the street is lined with blooming green trees.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I walked around the 'City of Three Cultures.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I saw a f\'fatbol game at Camp Nou today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Greece\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Mount Olympus. My friend says it's the home of the Gods!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says shipping is an important industry here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the official name of this country is the Hellenic Republic?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm in one of the most mountainous countries in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm where the Olympic Games originated!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know that voting is required by law here?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I walked around the Parthenon today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the Acropolis Museum.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I sat in the Epidaurus Theater today. Can you believe it?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Albania\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says there isn't a McDonald's anywhere in this country!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm where Mother Teresa's ancestors were born. Can you believe it?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Kruja Castle. It was once the center of Skanderbeg\'92s battle against the Ottoman Turks.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited an archeological site called Butrint. It used to be a Roman city in Epirus!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I spent a very relaxing weekend at Mt Dajti National Park.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I walked along the beaches of the Ionian Coast today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Here, my friend says shaking your head side-to-side means yes and shaking your head up-and-down means no.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 For the most part, people use furgons to get around this country.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went shopping at the treg.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Romania\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm in the place that inspired Bram Stoker's 'Dracula.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm where the fountain pen was invented!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited The Black Church. Can you believe it has the largest organ in Europe?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country has ten 'sister' cities in the United States.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I saw the tallest rock sculpture in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just took a tour of the Palace of the Parliament, the second largest civilian building in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just visited the Mineralogical Collection of Brad, the only Gold Museum in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to see the Pele\uc0\u537  Castle today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I saw the Sphinx in Bucegi Natural Park!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Ireland\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me there are no snakes here. Isn\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t that strange?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I traveled to the Aran Islands today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I kissed the Blarney Stone yesterday! Isn\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t that crazy?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I took a cruise on the River Shannon.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I went to the Galway Arts Festival. So many talented people!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This place has such a fantastic pub scene.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m in the place where Halloween was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe the Titanic ship was made here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I got to visit the Guinness Storehouse today. Did you know it has seven floors?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Latvia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know this country is home to Europe's widest waterfall?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is famous for its amber.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I drove out to the coast to catch a glimpse of the Baltic Sea.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went birdwatching in Pape.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went hiking in Gauja National Park today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I went kayaking on the Gauja River. It was a blast!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 In the spring, I hear there is a festival called Night of the Museums. I really want to go sometime!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I took a tour of Turaida Castle.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just tried Sorrel soup for the first time!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Slovenia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this place is one of the most biologically diverse countries in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Postojna Cave. Did you know it has a network of passages that is over 20 km long?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I explored Triglav National Park. It's one of the oldest parks in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I toured Bled Castle on Bled Lake today. Did you know it dates back to the eleventh century?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I saw an oepra at the Slovene National Theatre.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited the Old Vine House in Maribor today. I can't believe it houses the oldest wine vine in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends and I ate lunch in an open air market in Ljubljana yesterday.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I heard you can sleep in a prison cell at the Celica Hostel!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I just went rafting on the Soca River. It was quite an adventure!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Turkey\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the ancient city of Troy!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm in a city that's built on two continents!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I saw the world's oldest tin mine in G\'f6ltepe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This place is incredible. I can't believe Homer and King Midas were born here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I went to see the Sultan Ahmed Mosque.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went shopping in The Grand Bazzar today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to the world's oldest known human settlement today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country is known for its intricate carpets and rugs.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited the Hagia Sophia Museum yesterday.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Serbia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Djerdap Gorge, Europe's largest gorge!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country is the largest raspberry exporter worldwide!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe Constantine the Great was born here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends and I walked around Silver Lake today. It has the bluest water I've ever seen!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I had cevappi for dinner. As you know, I'm a meatlover so I thought it was delicious!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to The Cathedral of Saint Sava today. Did you know it is the largest Orthodox church currently in use?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 The Ni\'9a Fortress looks so beautiful at night.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I went bungee jumping at Ada Ciganlija today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I explored Nikola Pa\'9ai\uc0\u263  square.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Kosovo\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm in Europe's youngest country!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Regova Gorge. Its huge, imposing cliffs and winding roads are incredible!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I took a walking tour of Pristina.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night my friends and I went to see the Mirusha Waterfalls.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 I tried burek for the first time today. It was a really yummy flaky pastry!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went biking in Germia Park!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This morning I drank the best maccahiato I've ever had.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country's name translates to 'Field of Blackbirds.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country has the highest birth rate in all of Europe.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Austria\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I saw the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s largest emerald in the Imperial Treasury of the Hofburg!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the oldest zoological garden in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m where Arnold Schwarzenegger grew up!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear celebrity chef Wolfgang Puck was born here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I got to see some of Europe\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s tallest waterfalls today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I visited Schoenbrunn Palace.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went hiking in Lech Z\'fcrs.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Red Bull\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s Headquarters!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I tried Viennese Coffee for the first time today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Norway\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country ranks amongst the most liveable on Earth!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Vinnufossen, Europe's highest waterfall!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I drove through the world\'92s longest road tunnel!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe the cheese slicer was invented here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says skiing was invented here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I traveled to the Lofoten Islands to see the northern lights.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
        \cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went to the very famous hot chocolate factory, Freia! Did you know it was the inspiration for the book 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited Viking Ship Museum today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I took a tour of Akershus Castle.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Slovakia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe one of the Kings of Madagascar is from here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I spent a very relaxing evening in Piestany Spa City.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country has over 2,400 caves!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I hiked from from Strbske pleso to Skok waterfalls in High Tatras.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I tried Lokse for the first time and it was fantastic!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I just took a tour of Bojnice Castle!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I climbed up to the UFO Observation Deck in Bratislava.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this place is known for their castles.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I walked around Hviezdoslav Square.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Italy\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the largest Christian edifice in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went to world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s first true pizzeria, Antica Pizzeria Port\'92Alba.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This country is home to the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s oldest film festival!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I tossed a coin into the Trevi Fountain.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I got to walk the streets of Pompeii.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I took a tour of the Flavian Amphitheatre.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I saw Michelangelo\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s David today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I rode a gondola through all of the city\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s canals last night!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m walking around in Leonardo Da Vinci\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s hometown.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Netherlands\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe I am where the microscope and telescope were invented!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I walked through the largest flower garden in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I tried french fries dipped in mayonnaise today. It was very yummy!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m in the bicycle capital of the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I bought my first pair of wooden klompens today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 The tallest people in the world live where I am!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited Van Gogh Museum.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 There are so many windmill here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear everyone wears orange here on holidays.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Switzerland\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 There are four official national languages here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is known for its long tradition of watchmaking.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can\cf6 &apos;\cf0 t believe the Red Cross Society originated here.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m in a place that is famous for neutrality in the World Wars.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know where I am is also known as the Confoederatio Helvetica?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear chocolate is this country\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s main export.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I visited the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s largest particle physics laboratory, CERN!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I saw the largest church clock face in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I skied down the Matterhorn. It was a blast!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Croatia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm where the necktie was invented!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Hum, the world's smallest town!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I biked along the Dalmatian Coast.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Alfred Hitchcock says this country is home to the best sunset in the world.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I traveled to 'The Pearl of the Adriatic' today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe Marco Polo was born here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I walked on the longest fortification walls in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the largest white truffle was found here? My friend apparently thinks so.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went to windsurfing at Zlatni Rat. Its beach extends like a tongue into the sea!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Germany\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm in the most populated country of Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the largest zoo in the world, Zoologischer Garten.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I got to go to the Fairy Grottoes. They were the most colorful caves I have ever seen!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I'm where Beethoven was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me this country was the first to adopt Daylight Saving Time.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the oldest sun observatory in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I went to Ulm Cathedral, the tallest church in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went shopping in the largest department store in continental Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country is where the cuckoo clock was invented!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Bosnia and Herzegovina\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I walked across Stari Most today. The view of the town from the bridge was absolutely breathtaking!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I went swimming by the Kravice Waterfalls.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the Tunnel Museum in Sarajevo.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend says this country is nicknamed 'Heart Shaped Land.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I almost forgot to exchange my dollars for markas at the hotel!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I heard this country hosted the 1984 Winter Olympic Games.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the last remaining jungle in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know births and weddings are still accompanied by celebratory gunfire here?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I visited Vrelo Bosne, a spring located south of Sarajevo.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Montenegro\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I heard this country's name translates to 'Black Mountain.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I walked along the beaches of the Adriatic Sea.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night my friends and I explored Perast.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited Our Lady of the Rock. Did you know the monastery is located on its own island?\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went swimming in the Bay of Kotor today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends and I drove up Mt Lovcen to go to the Njegos Mausoleum. The view of mountains was incredible!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited the Ostrog Monastery today. I can't believe it's built directly into the mountain!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just went kayaking on Lake Skadar!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I saw the clock tower in Herceg Novi today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Poland\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear that this country has the largest households in the European Union.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm where Fr\'e9d\'e9ric Chopin was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited the oldest restaurant in Europe, Piwnica Swidnicka!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I tried pierogi for the first time and they were very yummy!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I went on an adventure in Krakow. My friend tells me it's often referred to as 'the next Prague.'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I took a tour through the Wieliczka Salt Mines today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I just walked through sand dunes in S\uc0\u322 owi\u324 ski National Park!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I bought Oscypek cheese from a market vendor yesterday. I love its intricate shape!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I walked through Zaplipie's painted cottages. Now I know why it's called the painted village!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Macedonia\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Sadly, there's no ocean to go to here because this country is landlocked.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm where Mother Theresa of Calcutta was born!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country has the more mountains than any other country in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friends tell me this country has two flags!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I saw the Millennium Cross, the biggest cross in the world!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the Church of Sveti Jovan in Kaneo. I can't believe it was built over eight hundred years ago.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited the Tvrdina Kale Fortress last night. The view of the city is absolutely breathtaking from up there.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just finished shopping at the Old Bazaar in Skopje.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today my friends and I explored the stone pathways around Matka canyon.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Belarus\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I drank Birch sap for the first time. It was very delicious!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I saw a play at Vol'naya Stsena.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I took a tour of Mir Castle Complex.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I visited the Chagall Museum today. It had many of Chagall's lithographs and several representations of the tweleve tribes of Israel.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I saw a hockey game at the Minsk-Arena last night.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just toured the oldest wildlife reserve in Europe!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me that this country is known for its skillful glassblowing.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I hear this country hosts the Slavyansky Bazar Arts Festival during the summer.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today my friends and I had an adventurous day at Gorky Park.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Belgium\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Here, the motorway system is visible from the moon!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Did you know the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s tallest man lives here? This country is incredible.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to the Malmedy carnival today!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I visited the world\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s diamond capital, Antwerp!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night, I went to the 'Pearl of the Ardennes.' It was incredibly luxurious!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 The chocolate here is as good as they say.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I bought a delicious gaufre de liege from a street vendor today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 This country has three official languages!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today, I visited the Atomium and it has the most beautiful view over the city.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Sweden\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I can't believe I'm where IKEA was founded!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I visited Europe's largest shopping mall!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 My friend tells me that Skype and Spodify were founded here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I got to stay Ice Hotel. It was absolutely breathtaking.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I really enjoyed seeing the ships inside the Vasa Museum today.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Tonight I'm traveling to the 'Venice of the North!'\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Tomorrow I'm taking a Stromma boat tour.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Yesterday I went to the Liseberg Amusement Park. It was a blast!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I took a trip down to the Bothnian Coast.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <key>\cf0 Denmark\cf2 </key>\cf0 \
	\cf2 <array>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I\cf6 &apos;\cf0 m at the place where Lego\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s were created! It\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s that amazing?!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I love the open-faced rye-bread sandwiches here!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just saw a Little Mermaid statue in Copenhagen!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I went to Tivoli Gardens last night. It was just like a fairytale.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I just took a boat around the Jutland peninsula! How cool is that!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Last night I went on the rainbow rooftop at ARoS Art Museum.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Today I got lost in the mazes of Labyrinthia!\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 Nyhavn is beautiful! I love all of its the colorful buildings.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
		\cf2 <string>\cf0 I had a picnic in King\cf6 &apos;\cf0 s Garden this afternoon. It was quite peaceful.\cf2 </string>\cf0 \
	\cf2 </array>\cf0 \
\cf2 </dict>\cf0 \
\cf2 </plist>\cf0 \
}